# survey-cnn
In this repository, you will find the programs and data used to process the survey for the study that identified how students at a computing research center perceived the relevance of the competencies and skills acquired during their studies to face the challenges of Industry 4.0 and 5.0. If you want to run the programs, you must first execute programs p01 and p02 in sequence, as these programs generate the KI45 and dconcat datasets required for the other programs.
### Repository Contents
The repository includes three folders:

* **Python_code**: It contains programs P01 to P12 and a PDF file with descriptions.

* **Datasets**: Data includes the survey dataset enc_datosnum.csv, which contains the responses to the questionnaire, as well as the datasets generated by programs P01 and P02: KI45.csv, which includes the data for the generated variable kr "IT Industry 4.0 and 5.0"; Tec_x_sector.csv, which is the excerpt from the table of information technologies adopted by 14 industrial sectors; and the file dconcat.csv, which is the result of concatenating the survey data with the data from the generated variable kr obtained by program P02.

* **Appendices**: Contains the appendices:
&nbsp;
*  **Appendix 1**: Survey questionnaire
&nbsp;
*  **Appendix 2**: Descriptive statistics (Frequency and percentage)
&nbsp;
*  **Appendix 3**: Descriptive statistics (Central tendency and dispersion measures)
&nbsp;

### Download and Experimental Environment Setup

**Note**: The project was initially implemented on Ubuntu Linux 24.04, and following the installation instructions on this operating system is recommended to avoid potential compatibility issues. 
&nbsp;
**Clone this repository**:
git clone https://github.com/cmejora/survey-cnn.git
&nbsp;
### How to Cite
If you use information, code, or figures from this repository, please cite the source as follows:

Citation: Guzmán, C.; Torres-Ruiz,
M.; Quintero, R.; Tai Chui, K.; Guzmán,G, (2025). 
Empowering Computing Science Graduates: Catalysts for
Sustainable Development in Industry 4.0 Innovation Ecosystems

**Copyright Statement.** 
&nbsp;
Users of the information must not reproduce the textual content, graphics, or data from this work without the express permission of the author and/or supervisors. Permission can be obtained by writing to the following email addresses: cmejora@ipn.mx, mtorresru@ipn.mx, rquintero@ipn.mx, jguzmanl@ipn.mx. The user must provide appropriate acknowledgment and cite the source if permission is granted.